[HttpClient] Improve the wording about asynchronous requests (#21650)
symfony/symfony-docs: http_client.rst

        ],
    ]);

Symfony's HTTP client is asynchronous by default. When you call ``request()``,

> the HTTP request starts immediately, but the method returns without waiting for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the HTTP request might start immediately, but the method returns without waiting for
```

Author: But if we say "might start" ... then we need to explain when it starts and when it doesn't. Please, share some details about this. Thanks.

Reviewer: I don't know, curl does. We don't care here, that's the whole point

Author: In which scenarios would the request doesn't start immediatly?

E.g. if there's no network connection or if it's saturated? I guess that's expected and it's a temporary or permanent issue ... but not relevant to this explanation. The request starts immediately but if there's a huge issue you'll get an exception and if there's a small issue, there will be some delay.

So, let's go ahead with the originally proposed wording? Thanks.

Reviewer: It depends on the implementation for example. When using NativeHttpClient, it doesn't start immediately.
I'm fine keep as is, that's not critical either.

Author: OK, so let's merge this ... but of course we're open to change this in the future if we receive feedback from users thinking that the new description is not as precise as it should be 🙏  Thanks!

a response. Your code only blocks when you actually need the response data::

>     // the request starts, but execution continues without waiting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // the request might start, but execution continues without waiting
```
